.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution guidelines
Thank you for considering contributing!
[All contributions of any size are much appreciated!](https://github.com/FWDekker/intellij-randomness#-acknowledgements)

You can contribute in many ways, whether it's submitting an issue, opening a pull request, or leaving a comment somewhere.
This page provides some guidelines on contributing to Randomness.


## ❗ Submit an issue
Did you find a **bug**?
Do you have a **question**?
Are you missing a **feature**?
Do you have ideas for **improvement**?
Please [submit an issue](https://github.com/FWDekker/intellij-randomness/issues/new/choose).
Several templates are provided to help you structure your issue.


## 🔨 Submit a pull request
Whether you're adding a new feature, fixing a bug, or fixing a typo in documentation, the following guidelines will help you on your way to submitting a good pull request.
Pull requests that do not meet the following guidelines are **fine**; these are just guidelines after all.

### 🗃️ Coding conventions
This project maintains the [Kotlin coding conventions](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coding-conventions.html).
[Detekt](https://github.com/arturbosch/detekt/) will, amongst others, check these coding conventions.
Check the [README](../README.md) for instructions on using tools such as Detekt.

Additionally, please make sure you write [good commit messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

### 📚 Documentation
Always update related documentation, both code documentation and user instructions such as the [README](../README.md).
Additionally, make sure you update the [change notes](../CHANGELOG.md) if necessary.

### 🧪 Tests
If you fixed a bug or added a new feature, make sure you add tests that cover this.
If you need help writing tests you can open a pull request with your work in progress and ask for help there.

Always run tests and static analysis before opening a pull request.


## 🗞️ Publish a release
When it's time for a new release, check the [release checklist](PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release.md) to make sure everything is in
order.

Commit message:

Remove pull request templates
Effectively undoes f34fd5cced3625322909d95078deae7f1def8196, because apparently GitHub doesn't support selecting pull request templates from the web interface, thus effectively preventing the usage of the normal template for other users as well.

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution guidelines
Thank you for considering contributing!
[All contributions of any size are much appreciated!](https://github.com/FWDekker/intellij-randomness#-acknowledgements)

You can contribute in many ways, whether it's submitting an issue, opening a pull request, or leaving a comment somewhere.
This page provides some guidelines on contributing to Randomness.


## ❗ Submit an issue
Did you find a **bug**?
Do you have a **question**?
Are you missing a **feature**?
Do you have ideas for **improvement**?
Please [submit an issue](https://github.com/FWDekker/intellij-randomness/issues/new/choose).
Several templates are provided to help you structure your issue.


## 🔨 Submit a pull request
Whether you're adding a new feature, fixing a bug, or fixing a typo in documentation, the following guidelines will help you on your way to submitting a good pull request.
Pull requests that do not meet the following guidelines are **fine**; these are just guidelines after all.

### 🗃️ Coding conventions
This project maintains the [Kotlin coding conventions](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coding-conventions.html).
[Detekt](https://github.com/arturbosch/detekt/) will, amongst others, check these coding conventions.
Check the [README](../README.md) for instructions on using tools such as Detekt.

Additionally, please make sure you write [good commit messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

### 📚 Documentation
Always update related documentation, both code documentation and user instructions such as the [README](../README.md).
Additionally, make sure you update the [change notes](../CHANGELOG.md) if necessary.

### 🧪 Tests
If you fixed a bug or added a new feature, make sure you add tests that cover this.
If you need help writing tests you can open a pull request with your work in progress and ask for help there.

Always run tests and static analysis before opening a pull request.


## 🗞️ Publish a release
When it's time for a new release, check the [release checklist](RELEASE_CHECKLIST.md) to make sure everything is in
order.
To make it easier for yourself, copy and paste the checklist into the pull request contents.
